README.rst, before:

Splinter plugin for the py.test runner
======================================

.. image:: https://api.travis-ci.org/pytest-dev/pytest-cloud.png
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/pytest-dev/pytest-cloud
.. image:: https://pypip.in/v/pytest-cloud/badge.png
    :target: https://crate.io/packages/pytest-cloud/
.. image:: https://coveralls.io/repos/pytest-dev/pytest-cloud/badge.png?branch=master
    :target: https://coveralls.io/r/pytest-dev/pytest-cloud
.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/pytest-cloud/badge/?version=latest
    :target: https://readthedocs.org/projects/pytest-cloud/?badge=latest
    :alt: Documentation Status


Install pytest-cloud
-----------------------

::

    pip install pytest-cloud


.. _pytest: http://pytest.org
.. _pytest-xdist: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pytest-xdist


Features
--------

The plugin provides an easy way of running tests amoung several test nodes (slaves).
Uses the great pytest-xdist_ plugin for actual distributed run.
When used, it will automatically detect capabilites of given node(s) and run only the number of test processes it is
able to handle. If will also filter out offline nodes or nodes which were failed to respond to the
capabilities aquisition call.

Supports automatic virtualenv activation on the test node so you don't have to install python dependencies
for your project on remote test nodes globally - just make sure that your virtualenv folder is `inside`
your project folder - that's a requirement, and then pass it's relative path as a parameter (see below).

ATM only ssh transport is supported. So ensure that you have at least public key auth enabled to your test nodes
from the master node (where py.test is executed).


Command-line options
--------------------

* `--cloud-node`
    Node host name to run tests on. Multiple allowed.

* `--cloud-python`
    Optional python executable name to be used on the remote test nodes.
    Default is the executable name used for the test run on the master.

* `--cloud-chdir`
    Optional relative path to be used on the remote test nodes as target folder for syncing file and run tests.
    Default is `pytest_<username>_<current_folder_name>`.

* `--cloud-virtualenv-path`
    Optional relative path to the virtualenv to be used on the remote test nodes.

* `--cloud-mem-per-process`
    Optional amount of memory roughly needed for test process, in megabytes.
    Will be used to calculate amount of test processes per node, getting the free memory, dividing it for the memory
    per process needed, and getting the minimum of that value and the number of CPU cores of the test node.

* `--cloud-max-processes`
    Optional maximum number of processes per test node. Overrides from above the calculated number
    of processes using memory and number of CPU cores.


Example
-------

.. code-block:: sh

    py.test tests/ --cloud-node=10.0.120.{1..40} --cloud-mem-per-process=1000 --cloud-virtualenv-path=.env/ --rsyncdir=.


Contact
-------

If you have questions, bug reports, suggestions, etc. please create an issue on
the `GitHub project page <http://github.com/pytest-dev/pytest-cloud>`_.


License
-------

This software is licensed under the `MIT license <http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License>`_

See `License file <https://github.com/pytest-dev/pytest-cloud/blob/master/LICENSE.txt>`_


© 2015 Anatoly Bubenkov and others.

Commit message:

Add possibility to pass node list as space separated

README.rst, after:

Splinter plugin for the py.test runner
======================================

.. image:: https://api.travis-ci.org/pytest-dev/pytest-cloud.png
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/pytest-dev/pytest-cloud
.. image:: https://pypip.in/v/pytest-cloud/badge.png
    :target: https://crate.io/packages/pytest-cloud/
.. image:: https://coveralls.io/repos/pytest-dev/pytest-cloud/badge.png?branch=master
    :target: https://coveralls.io/r/pytest-dev/pytest-cloud
.. image:: https://readthedocs.org/projects/pytest-cloud/badge/?version=latest
    :target: https://readthedocs.org/projects/pytest-cloud/?badge=latest
    :alt: Documentation Status


Install pytest-cloud
-----------------------

::

    pip install pytest-cloud


.. _pytest: http://pytest.org
.. _pytest-xdist: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/pytest-xdist


Features
--------

The plugin provides an easy way of running tests amoung several test nodes (slaves).
Uses the great pytest-xdist_ plugin for actual distributed run.
When used, it will automatically detect capabilites of given node(s) and run only the number of test processes it is
able to handle. If will also filter out offline nodes or nodes which were failed to respond to the
capabilities aquisition call.

Supports automatic virtualenv activation on the test node so you don't have to install python dependencies
for your project on remote test nodes globally - just make sure that your virtualenv folder is `inside`
your project folder - that's a requirement, and then pass it's relative path as a parameter (see below).

ATM only ssh transport is supported. So ensure that you have at least public key auth enabled to your test nodes
from the master node (where py.test is executed).


Command-line options
--------------------

* `--cloud-node`
    Node hostname (or user@hostname) to run tests on. Multiple allowed.

* `--cloud-nodes`
    Space-separated list of node hostname (or user@hostname) to run tests on. Multiple allowed.

* `--cloud-python`
    Optional python executable name to be used on the remote test nodes.
    Default is the executable name used for the test run on the master.

* `--cloud-chdir`
    Optional relative path to be used on the remote test nodes as target folder for syncing file and run tests.
    Default is `pytest_<username>_<current_folder_name>`.

* `--cloud-virtualenv-path`
    Optional relative path to the virtualenv to be used on the remote test nodes.

* `--cloud-mem-per-process`
    Optional amount of memory roughly needed for test process, in megabytes.
    Will be used to calculate amount of test processes per node, getting the free memory, dividing it for the memory
    per process needed, and getting the minimum of that value and the number of CPU cores of the test node.

* `--cloud-max-processes`
    Optional maximum number of processes per test node. Overrides from above the calculated number
    of processes using memory and number of CPU cores.


Example
-------

.. code-block:: sh

    py.test tests/ --cloud-node=10.0.120.{1..40} --cloud-mem-per-process=1000 --cloud-virtualenv-path=.env/ --rsyncdir=.

Or if you pass list of nodes as space-separated list:

.. code-block:: sh

    py.test tests/ --cloud-nodes='10.0.120.1 10.0.120.2' --cloud-mem-per-process=1000 --cloud-virtualenv-path=.env/ --rsyncdir=.


Contact
-------

If you have questions, bug reports, suggestions, etc. please create an issue on
the `GitHub project page <http://github.com/pytest-dev/pytest-cloud>`_.


License
-------

This software is licensed under the `MIT license <http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIT_License>`_

See `License file <https://github.com/pytest-dev/pytest-cloud/blob/master/LICENSE.txt>`_


© 2015 Anatoly Bubenkov and others.
